
---Chapter 1: The Lab---
Doc: Eurika! I did it! I gave life to a piece of toast!
Kid: Uh, doc... Why a piece of toast?
Doc: I was hungry... Anywho, check it out.
Doc: Oh, I should open that door for it. It seems to want to get in that toaster.

Doc: Let's put our toasty friend to the test.
Kid: What are those striped blocks?
Doc: They are loose and will fall if the toast's weight is put on it.
Kid: I see... I hope it doesn't crush itself...
Doc: Don't worry, if anything bad happens, or the toast gets stuck, I can just restart the test for it.

Kid: Hey, if it keeps going in that toaster, won't it get all dark and burnt?
Doc: I thought about that. I removed the toasting mechanisms from the toaster so that doesn't happen.
Kid: Oh, okay. Why do you think the toast wants to get inside the toaster?
Doc: I'm sure it's some sort of instinct.

Kid: Hey Doc, why do you always work in the Lab?
Doc: You should always conduct experiments where you feel most comfortable, my apprentice!
Kid: So... Like sailing on the open sea?
Doc: If that's what FLOATS YOUR BOAT! Ha ha ha ha!

Doc: Hm...
Kid: What is it, Doc? Is something wrong?
Doc: No, I'm just thinking... Could you take the toast home with you tonight? I want to see how it reacts
to a... "Different" environment.
Kid: Uh... Er... I don't know... How about -
Doc: Jolly good show! I'm heading out, call me if you need help running the tests!
*Door slam sound*
Kid: I guess it's just you and me, little guy...


---Chapter 2: The Kitchen---
Kid: I can't believe he wants ME to do the tests... This wasn't in the job description...
Doc: *riiiiiing riiiiiing*
Kid: Oh hey Doc, I just got my first test set up... I don't think I'm ready for this...
Doc: Oh nonsense! It's as simple as Peanut Butter and Jelly!
Kid: Jelly... I wonder if the little guy eats jelly!
Doc: I'm sure it'll jump for joy after trying it!

Kid: It seems that, when eating STAWBERRY JELLY, the toast can jump in the air more.
Doc: Incredible observation! Write down any observations you make in a notebook!
Kid: Oh, okay, let me go find one...
Doc: It might be useful if you ever try to take over the world! Ha ha ha!

Kid: Those spikes look painful... Can they hurt him? Are you sure our little friend is okay?
Doc: Of course!
Kid: Um... Which part were you saying "of course" to?
Doc: ...
Kid: ...

Kid: This is really stressfull... I don't feel like I'm building these tests properly...
Doc: Try to relax. You'll get the hang of it! Practice makes perfect!
Kid: Okay... What is the data from these tests being used for?
Doc: Just, uh... Toast related things.

Kid: Hey Doc, you said to do tests where I feel most comfortable, right?
Doc: Yes, while we were at the lab!
Kid: I always feel calm when I'm on the open sea. Can I do the tests there?
Doc: I don't see why not! Just don't let the toast get too soggy! Ha ha ha!


---Chapter 3: The Sea---
Kid: Ah, I haven't been on my boat since the rumors of pirates in the area!
Doc: If you lose signal, don't forget to write down all your findings, you can always tell me back
at the lab! Also, I wan-- you ---- in ---------
Kid: Perfect timing, must have just lost signal.
*loud crash and screenshake*
Kid: What was that? Oh... Oh no... Pirates...

Kid: Can we please just settle this... Peacefully?
Pirate: Peaceful! Har har har! We can talk about peace once ye empty yer pockets!
Kid: But I don't have any gold or anything!
Pirate: Then hand over that there treasure you seem so interested in...
Kid: (The experiment!)
Pirate: I guess I'll have to take it by force! Tie the boy up in me quarters, I'll grab the tank!

Pirate: What be this... Somebody made a living toast? Har har har!
Kid: Yes, well, you see, I have to run some tests, and if you could just-
Pirate: Nobody tells THE GREAT BLACKBROW what to do! One more peep like that and you'll 
walk the plank!

Pirate: Is this toast valueble, or be it a waste of BLACKBROW's time?
Kid: Uh... I don't know how valueble it is... Doc only just made it!
Pirate: Tell me where I can find this... Doc...
Kid: I really shouldn't...
Pirate: Oh really? I guess you can tell it to Davey Jones! Take him to the plank, men!

Kid: Please don't do this! Just let me go and I'll never bother you! I'll sail right home!
Pirate: I can't have no prawn on the land blabberin' about us... It's off the deck with you!
Kid: Okay, but don't throw the tank in! I don't know how water will effect the toast!
Pirate: Har har har, ye don't know when to stop talkin'! Off the plank!


---Chapter 4: The Temple---
Kid: Ooooh... My head... Where are we?
Kid: I've never seen this island before... My dad told me of an ellusive uncharted island, could this be it?
Kid: C'mon little guy, let's go look around...
----------
???: *rustling*
Kid: What was that? Who's there?
Native: Hak te hun kala.
Kid: What?
Native: Ke hagu tan houka!
Kid: Hey! Where are you taking me?

Kid: Wow, if you had told me this morning that I'd be held captive by an ancient civilization with a living piece of toast...
Kid: I wouldn't have believed you.
Native: Eeki nukka gahn ta hula.
Kid: They have some nice drawings on the walls... Looks like...
Kid: Somebody getting sacrificed...
Native: Kala tan houka! Kala tan houka!

Native: Goka nak tan houka!
Kid: Well I guess this is it... I'm about to be thrown into a sacrificial lava pit, and here I am talking to a piece of toast...
Native: Houka ugu tan deka!
Kid: Wait a minute... They're setting me down... This must be a temple of some sort, and they're... Bowing down to me?
Kid: Hm, they're pointing to the toast... Maybe they think I'm a god for creating life or something!

Native: Houka gan koguku ta ga kuta! Kala tan houka, dala ga goka nak tan deka!
Kid: I guess he's giving some sort of ceremonial speech... I wonder what it's all about. "This man has brought life to toast!"
Kid: Ha ha ha! I guess you could say they're giving a TOAST to me!

Kid: Wow, I'm pretty lucky! I'm never letting you out of my sight, my toasty friend!
Kid: Hm, I'm getting a call... I must barely have signal!
Doc: Are you alright, young man? I lost connection, and now my systems say you're in the middle of the ocean!
Kid: Don't worry Doc! I'm on the island my dad always told me stories about! There's an ancient civilization worshiping me right now!
Doc: Well I need you back at the lab, to conduct some final tests before the experiment is ready! Might as well test my teleporter...
Kid: Wait! We've never tested it at this long range before! What if-
Doc: See you in a jiffy!


---Chapter 5: The Graveyard---
Kid: Hey... this isn't the lab? Where am I now?
Gravekeeper: You're here.
Kid: AH! Who are you?
Gravekeeper: I'm the Gravekeeper here.
Kid: Doc's teleporter test clearly did NOT work as planned...
----------
Gravekeeper: Teleporter huh? Neat.
Kid: You don't seem surprised, or scared at all...
Gravekeeper: When you've seen the things I've seen at this graveyard, you would understand why...
Kid: Oh. You mean like ghosts?
Gravekeeper: On a good night, I suppose. There's an old shack way over there that's protected. Good luck!
*door slams*
Kid: Wait! Don't leave me out here!
Kid: Well, at least the stonework isn't so bad.

Kid: First I got ambushed by pirates, and subsequently thrown overboard.
Kid: Next I almost got sacrificed by an ancient civilization.
Kid: Now I'm being chased by ghosts in a dark graveyard.
Kid: What's next, will I be launched into space? Will some plot twist happen that causes the fate of the world to rest in my hands?
Kid: I'm not sure if I'm ready to find out.

Kid: These ghosts seem pretty stubborn... At least they give me a break every now and then.
Kid: This has been a long day... I should find a place to get some sleep.

Kid: I think I see the shack that the gravekeeper was talking about. I'm almost there!

Kid: Whew... I made it.
*door slam*
Kid: It's good to finally feel safe again...
Kid: Goodnight, toast. We're safe now...


---Chapter 6: The Secret Lab---
